## Psychological Safety

This article points out critical information regarding how to work in a team successfully. What makes it successful? Does it mean having a leader with a strong personality? Or having team members that are equally smart and intelligent? Not necessarily. Respect and trust are the keywords a true leader must have; respect and trust are also what team members need to treat each other. Working in a team with different personalities and different sets of experiences and knowledge can be hard at times, but what makes it a lot harder is making someone feel like they’re unwanted or that they have to live up to and meet their standards. That is too much pressure on one’s shoulder, and what happens next? Too much pressure can bring poor results; they’re not at their best to complete the task assigned. This is something nobody likes to be a part of. I believe people can be at their best when there isn’t too much pressure or expectations thrown at them. People bring great results at their job when their voices and hard work are being heard and seen. People do their best to complete the task when there’s respect and trust involved.
However, this is not always the case. There will be times when you must work in a team that does things differently. How would you handle it? Being afraid and taking the pressure isn’t going to help; there will be a point where we must speak up and stand up for ourselves. Because if we don’t, how will we be able to handle the tasks ahead of us if we can’t handle our emotions and not face the issue?

Reference:
[What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/28/magazine/what-google-learned-from-its-quest-to-build-the-perfect-team.html)
